welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a horror slash
thriller from 2009 titled the stepfather
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
at the beginning of the movie a man is
in a bathroom dying his hair
he shaves his beard and removes brown
contacts from his bright blue eyes
the house is decorated with several
christmas decorations and pictures of
his family
when he is out we see that his luggage
is packed he goes downstairs
puts on some music and calmly makes
himself breakfast
we finally see the dead bodies of people
lying across the house
the kitchen sink has many blooded tools
the man goes outside
gets in his car and drives away the dead
bodies have been found by the police
they suspect the stepfather grady
edwards to be the murderer
he is nowhere to be found since the
incident there have been similar cases
of murder in the past
so the police suspect that grady is a
serial killer
his victims are mostly widowed or
divorced single women with kids
but there is no evidence of grady's
existence throughout his stay with the
family
he has not taken a single picture nor
has he provided any useful information
about his past
even the police database has no
information about him
however they managed to get a sketch of
him grady is shopping in a store when he
meets susan
she is a divorced housewife she is in
the store with beth and sean
her youngest two kids when they talk
grady introduces himself as david harris
whose wife and daughter had died
recently
although it is their first time meeting
susan is charmed by him
she invites him to a restaurant with her
kids only six months later
they are living together and engaged
michael susan's eldest son
comes home from military school michael
complains about his mom not coming to
pick him up with his girlfriend kelly
he does not like that susan is moving
too fast in the relationship
the family has organized a surprise
party for michael
delighted susan hugs her son shawn and
beth welcome in too
michael meets david for the first time
susan's sister jackie is at the party
too
she is glad that michael likes david
david makes a toast saying that family
is the greatest thing in the world
jackie then offers david a job at her
real estate company
susan supports the idea because she
wants to keep him close
david invites michael into the basement
to talk to him privately
david has added cabinets in there all of
which are locked
one of the cabinets contains a
collection of tequila he wishes to bond
with michael through alcohol
david knows michael hates military
school hence he offers him to be in his
high school swimming club
after the party michael sees kelly off
he doesn't have a license yet
so he asks her to come soon from her
grandparents meanwhile he notices david
staring at them but doesn't think much
of it
later susan comes to talk to michael
privately she tells him to try to get
along with david because he means a lot
to her
michael is not comfortable talking about
the topic the next day
david gets michael into the swimming
club michael calls kelly and tells her
about the incident
sean is in his room playing video games
susan tells him to turn the volume down
but he doesn't oblige
david then grabs him by the back of his
neck to stop him
sean is stunned the next day david
notices kelly and michael in the pool
according to him then being so
passionate at such a young age isn't
right
but susan dismisses his concern telling
him not to be so old-fashioned
sean looks unhappy during dinner when
susan asks him if something is wrong
he tells her he is okay the conversation
changes to david's old family
susan tells michael about david's wife
and daughter's death
just then susan's ex-husband jay is at
the door the youngest kids are excited
to see him
michael is not very fond of jay beth and
sean leaves to spend the weekend with
him
david invites michael to have lunch the
following day
the next morning their neighbor mrs
cutter comes ringing the doorbell
she has come to inform her about the
sketch of a serial killer who looks just
like david
susan finds it funny and dismisses it
michael listens to their conversation
but doesn't think much of it
at lunch david asked michael to be his
best man during the conversation
david accidentally calls his dead
daughter two different names
lisa and michelle michael calls him out
but david recovers saying that her
middle name was michelle
that day mrs cutter hears a doorbell she
goes to check but there's no one outside
she goes in again to check on her cat
when david suddenly drags her and pushes
her down the stairs
he pinches her nose and suffocates her
to death later
michael tells kelly about david
misnaming his daughter according to her
michael is thinking too much about the
situation they are in his room making
out
michael sees the door open and goes out
to see david there
kelly leaves after seeing him at night
jay brings sean and beth home
he lashes at david accusing him of
grabbing his son's neck
michael calms jay and brings him outside
jay thanks michael for calming him and
apologizes for not being there for
michael when he needed him
they talk for a while and hug david
apologizes to sean but susan is still
mad at him
she tells him that physical force is not
acceptable at all
later at night michael wakes up to a
text from jay he goes outside to hear
david blabbering alone downstairs
david now works with jackie in real
estate they have been paying him in cash
so she asks him to provide them his
personal information
when he gets back home he tells susan
that he wants to quit the job because it
isn't what he thought it would be
susan is going out that night sean and
michael are playing video games at a
very high volume
jay is at the door to visit his children
before going on a trip for work
he also apologizes to david for his
behavior last time
upon michael's request jay had done a
background check on david and then found
out that he lied about going to ufo
he wonders what other lies david had
made up jay is a threat to david now
he hits him on his head with a vase the
boys are oblivious to the noise
meanwhile at the bar jackie tells susan
about her concerns about
david she finds it suspicious that the
very day she asks for his information
he quits the job susan however dismisses
her concern and tells her that she is
looking too much into the situation
david's flawlessness blinds her
meanwhile at home
david takes jay down to the basement and
ties him he puts a plastic bag over
jay's face to suffocate him to death
while he is at it michael comes out of
the room to call jay
he notices that david is in the basement
but doesn't go there to check
after killing jay david sends michael a
text from his phone apologizing for not
visiting
the following day mrs cutter's body is
found
david asks the mailman what had happened
to which she replies that she had died
of a little accident
michael overhears this conversation
however while telling the story to susan
he adds that mrs cutter died by falling
down the stairs
michael is now sure that david had
something to do with her death
susan takes sean and beth to the dentist
david gets a call from jackie telling
him to submit the personal details
because they still need them for some
verifications
he then goes up to the attic to repair
its floor michael tells kelly about the
incident in the morning
but kelly thinks he is being
overdramatic david then leaves the house
to pick up the other kids
michael takes this chance to search
through david's stuff to find evidence
kelly helps him too susan calls david
and tells him she will pick the kids up
instead
kelly and michael here david come home
but they are stuck
they somehow managed to get away before
he notices them
later michael looks through the computer
to find grady edward sketch mrs cutter
was talking about
he shows it to kelly the next day but
she still doesn't believe it
david is going through jay's phone when
he finds jackie's voicemail
she wants to talk to jay about david
later that day
susan goes out to drop the youngest kids
at camp michael comes out of the shower
to find david standing in front of him
he asks michael about his plans for
tonight and warns him about the storm
michael is staying at kelly's for the
night when michael goes back to his room
he is surprised to see david has cleaned
it he quickly looks through his phone to
see that the picture of david is gone
later that night david goes to jackie's
she is about to leave for a trip to
vegas but stops to pull out an umbrella
that had fallen into her pool
david stands behind her as she does that
and kills her by drowning her in the
pool
when he comes back susan and david are
the only two people at the house
david plans to murder susan he sets out
his tools and gives susan a pill to help
her sleep
michael and kelly are in the car outside
he plans to sneak into the basement to
look for evidence to back his claims
he tells kelly to call him if there is
any movement in the house
he then enters the basement by breaking
the skylight michael breaks the locks of
the cabinet and opens them to a bag with
his father's initials on it
david had hidden at the night he killed
jay just then
michael notices a freezer in a corner
kelly sees david move around the house
through the windows and calls michael
but his phone drops and breaks
when he doesn't pick up the call she
runs to the basement skylight he went in
through
michael finds his father's body in a
plastic bag inside the freezer
he is startled david finds kelly in
their front yard trying to call michael
he punches her unconscious david then
blocks the skylight with a stone
now there is no way for michael to
escape david then drags kelly to the
kitchen and starts preparing knives and
weapons for his kill
susan wakes up and comes there david
maniacally tells her that this is not
going to work because of michael
he questions her parenting skills and
says that he thought she could be mrs
grady edwards
susan is confused by the statement when
david grimaces and asks
who am i here susan calls him by his
name which reminds him that his name is
david harris
kelly moves on the floor and susan
notices her but before she can help her
david chases her with a knife she hides
in the bathroom
david breaks down the door dot but susan
manages to stab him with a broken piece
of a mirror before he can attack her
michael breaks the basement door and
escapes michael
kelly and susan reunite but david comes
after them again
they try to hide in the attic but david
follows them there too
david and michael are fighting when the
floor beneath michael breaks
and he falls through it kelly finds an
electric saw in the corner and threatens
david with it
but the floor beneath her breaks too
kelly along with susan
falls through it michael leaps onto
david making them both fall on the roof
they fight there for a while when david
pulls michael down to the concrete floor
with him
they both lie unconscious there after a
month
michael wakes up in a hospital bed he
has been in a coma the whole time
he asked susan about david he had fled
from the house after they fell down
no one has seen him ever since the movie
ends as we see david in a grocery store
his appearance is fully changed he
introduces himself as chris ames to a
woman with two kids
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching
[Music]
you